Now, that trial was billed as finish of meals to go, we can do the same thing we did on Android and
we can download the IPA file.
This is the iPhone application file.
So it's a bit different than what Android outputs because it's supposed to run on iOS.
And when we download this file, what we can do or what we can try is to try to run it on our simulator
in the way that we would do that is if we go over here and we took our IPPEI file, we could drag and
drop it into the simulator.
And by dragging and dropping it into the simulator, what would happen is it would try to save it on
the iPhone.
Now, this doesn't work, this doesn't work at all.
This is not how iOS goes and installs files, so it works fairly differently than it would on Android.
This is not how we go about installing these applications.
You can't just drag and drop an IPA file.
So how do we run it on our simulator then?
Well, what we can do is we can go back to Expo, build iOS and we can specifically save the simulator
build.
So this is going to create an optimized build specifically to run on the simulator.
It cannot be opened on a legitimate iPhone, but you could drag and drop it on your simulator.
So if we go back over here to Expo builds, what we're going to see is that we've could build specifically
for the simulator.
And once this build has finished, what we can do is we can download the output and drag and drop that
into our simulator.
And so while this build is processing for the simulator, you may be asking, well, how do I run it
on an actual device?
Well, to test it on a device, you need to use something called test flight, and then you need to
download the IPPEI file to your local machine, which we had already done.
And with the App Store Kinect, which is a specific app that you need to use in order to upload, you
need to upload this IPPEI file into test flight.
So there's a whole process here that can only be done if you have an IOC device.
If you have a MacBook, you cannot do this on a Windows machine.
You cannot do this on a Linux machine.
So we're running into the limitations of being outside of OS and the Apple environment.
So now that the simulator build has completed, we can press the download button here.
And what we're going to see is that we're downloading an IPA for the production build.
Now it's downloading Atah Cheezy.
So a zip file.
Interesting.
What will that zip file contain?
And it's way smaller.
And if we open that zip file up, what we're going to see is that it's going to output this miles to
go that we can drag and drop inside of our simulator.
And what that's going to do is it's going to install a simulator build of our production app and now
we can see meals to go running on our simulator.
If we open that up, what we can do now is we can test out our application as if it was a production
build that was coming from the App Store.
And what we can then see is that we're able to test our application and all of the different aspects,
and unlike Android, where we needed to set up a Google Maps because Android works with Google Maps,
the Apple Maps works out of the box and does not need those additional steps in order to function.
So knowing that we now know the different types of builds that we can generate for iOS, we can generate
a production level build that can only be distributed through test flight to live devices.
Apple test flight.
Or we can generate an iOS simulator build that can actually run on our simulator to test what exactly
is going on.
Now, with that said, this is the actual build that we need to submit to the Apple App Store in order
to get that running.
So let's take a look at how that would work.